In is the next
In the future even Sudo taught at the alma mater in case of a way to pro
Received first place nomination from Hiroshima at professional baseball draft meeting
Large- seller first death came for teaching practice from today
Good morning
I do not so much tension in the mound but very ear
What is also important to place I'd say it putamen not target tension to
I want to convey to people and relationships
Let's try Ose Yoshihiroji Higashi , a Hiroshima draft first place who stands in a teaching platform while nervous
We can put on teaching practice in Nagasaki Nikkei high school of the two-schools for two weeks until 16th
I studied at the College of Sports at university and today is the first day of the training
Touched the students in the class of Kinjo teacher who is also a great poem of the baseball club
It is Ose Ryo pitcher who has already signed a hunting contract with Mom last month Hiroshima , but I want to be a leader in the future
I was to take the practice from what I thought
Among the many things such as work
I think I know one of the city say I wish I child to have a negligible surgery as an advocate
As it can be raised to tell the students what you have of yourself even a little
I want to go
On the 9th of this month, we will have a team interview in Hiroshima
It's a bank
I figure is I do not need
Ryo Ose and the mouse receives a first place nomination from the Hiroshima Toyo Carp at this year's play queue draft
Was
From the second production is expected to be active as a starter
Such author it initially is going to take a faculty study of the direction of the Health and Physical Education
The teaching teacher of the teaching student Ose Ryo senses the cow of the baseball club
Fusion teacher
There is immediately a knowledge of the business
From time to time from the order
It was advised to get a teacher's license to Yoshiru Ose
It is Shiokura observation
In the direction of the royal sky course dyed himself to enter the university in anticipation of qualified Marl as a leader
It is
Legs were trembling in eaves the first time with great tension Nde not very familiar
I feel like I want to do it in a position where I
There Tanto such a I'd think I will now provide a previous promise many things
There is also I think that I want continue to reduction in students also also from this that
The author teacher is kind and kindly advised but I understand
Cheap
I thought it was tax savings
A going to want to live proceed to have the Tanabo and black teacher
Ryo Ose pitcher will learn many things in together with that from the alma mater of two weeks junior passed
Study Seeto is so not that of it but the students I was the talk is to say by it over large
What is this experience for the party system as well?
Such a thing to become a good prefectural police while facing a large black stage
Middle of the day Ose Ryo of Kyushu Kyoritsu University, which was named in 1st place from Kamihiroshima, was
We started teaching practice by Nagasaki Nichiran method of alma mater
Ose Ryo Daichi is a summer high school Koshien at the third grader as an ace of Nagasaki Nikkei High School
I am participating
Ose Ryo Investment will finish up to become a leader of high school ak in the future
Acquired the time of teaching course of health and physical education this time
Teaching practice at his alma mater was realized
There
2 weeks from today
There are people here and there
Do you have
Or the importance of having your wishes and we slip the interval
by people with ties Toka that went so
Taken Do we want to convey to you as the next two weeks teacher
I am thinking
Ryo Ose pitcher of tense Omomochi will immediately who lease type
I think what kind of business
Please make effective use of it
Time-assembled before
Card
Chime foreplay
that
Obama
Use someone shared with the the Kinzo of baseball director newspaper of high school in the business
not
The other party is upset 2
The summer heat on the street is thick
I think it is not
Want to Ryo Ose pitcher is also close to the Kinjo teacher as a teacher as a director
Students made basketball passes and dribbling
road
Great guys
For class
Look at the way we are working seriously
Really class
That time is now looking forward to really I'm getting by
We work hard to be able to care underground little even Day
At that time thank you
I really don't talk
It is a person who only does not do
I want to paste
Really I mean after all Do not time and Well face of what high school to watch the lesson of Kinjo teacher
While feeling nostalgic
I also watched that I wanted to become a teacher like this
Yes Well, first with famous Tan was a baseball player I became to think Tteyuu towards there
But after all what is the Do we want to justify reduced what was your experience to go to Yes teacher
I also felt that my feelings were too bad
The future
Made with the desire to be a teacher
Well and continued'll was your work place I Na thing to have the qualities as a leader in the
I'm one of them
Become active with the leaders of the after High School Board system to the original 10-year-old
The expectation that kana not it me become a leader, such as take a sequel children
I'm waiting
It is that No. Buchi pitcher performs teaching practice until this month 16
So far in place and is a pose